{
  "context": "\nYou are an expert assistant. Answer the question **solely based on the context below**. \nDo NOT use external information, your training data, or any web search. \nIf the answer is not present in the context,give your confident score as 0'.\n\nContext:\n\n    Use the following context to answer the question.\n    Context:\n    Title: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Utah_Social_Media_Regulation_Act\nSummary: S.B. 152 and H.B. 311, collectively known as the Utah Social Media Regulation Act, were social media bills that were passed by the Utah State Legislature in March 2023. The bills would've collectively imposed restrictions on how social networking services serve minors in the state of Utah, including mandatory age verification, and restrictions on data collection, algorithmic recommendations, and on when social networks would've been accessible to minors. The Act was intended to take effect in March 2024. However, following a lawsuit over the Act by NetChoice, the Utah attorney general stated in January 2024 that its implementation had been delayed to October 2024, but was likely to be repealed and amended. On September 10, 2024 Chief Judge Robert J. Shelby issued a written order granting a request from NetChoice, a tech industry group, for a preliminary injunction, meaning that Utah will be unable to enforce its social media law as litigation plays out. The law was appealed to the 10th Circuit on October 11, 2024 and is awaiting a decision.\nContent: bill, state senator and bill author Mike McKell stated that he planned to introduce amendments when the legislature resumed in 2024. In December 2023, NetChoice filed a lawsuit in Utah seeking to block the Act, citing that its definition of a social network was too vague, and that it \"restricts who can express themselves, what can be said, and when and how speech on covered websites can occur, down to the very hours of the day minors can use covered websites. The First Amendment, reinforced by decades of precedent, allows none of this.\" In regards to its age verification requirements, NetChoice argued that \"it may not be enough to simply verify the age of whatever person may be listed on a form of identification (even if they have such a record) because that record may not accurately reflect who the individual actually is.\" The office of the attorney general stated that the state was \"reviewing the lawsuit but remains intently focused on the goal of this legislation: Protecting young people from negative and harmful effects of social media use.\" In January 2024, Attorney General Sean Reyes asked the court to delay a hearing over the bill, stating that its effective date had been delayed to October 2024, and that the legislature planned to repeal and replace the bills.\n\nTitle: https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/billTextClient.xhtml?bill_id=202320240SB976\nSummary: This bill, the Protecting Our Kids from Social Media Addiction Act, would make it unlawful for the operator of an addictive internet-based service or application, as defined, to provide an addictive feed to a user, unless the operator does not have actual knowledge that the user is a minor; commencing January 1, 2027, has reasonably determined that the user is not a minor; or has obtained verifiable parental consent to provide an addictive feed to the user who is a minor.\nContent: verified parent through a mechanism provided by the operator. Under the bill, a parent’s provision of consent or use of a mechanism, as described above, would not waive, release, otherwise limit, or serve as a defense to, any claim that the parent, or that the user who is a minor or was a minor at the time of using the internet-based service or application, might have against the operator regarding any harm to the mental health or well-being of the user. The bill would require an operator to annually disclose the number of minor users of its addictive internet-based service or application, and of that total the number for whom the operator has received verifiable parental consent to provide an addictive feed, and the number of minor users as to whom the access controls are or are not enabled. Under the bill, these provisions would only be enforced in a civil action brought in the name of the people of the State of California by the Attorney General. The bill would require the Attorney General to adopt regulations to further the purposes of these provisions, including regulations regarding age assurance and parental consent by January 1, 2027. The bill would authorize the Attorney General to adopt regulations that provide for exceptions to these provisions, but only if those exceptions further the purpose of protecting minors. The bill would require the Attorney General, in promulgating regulations, to solicit public comment regarding the impact that any regulation might have based on certain nondiscrimination characteristics set forth in existing law. The bill would make these provisions severable. The people of the State of California do enact as follows: The Legislature finds and declares the following: Social media provides an important tool for communication and information sharing. Approximately 95 percent of 13- to 17-year-olds, inclusive, say that they use at least one social media platform, and more than one-third report using social media almost constantly. However, some social media platforms have evolved to include addictive features, including the algorithmic delivery of content and other design features, that pose a significant risk of harm to the mental health and well-being of children and adolescents. As the United States Surgeon General has reported, recent evidence has identified “reasons for concern” about social media usage by children and adolescents. This evidence includes a study concluding that the risk of poor mental health outcomes doubles for children and adolescents who use social media at least three hours a day and research finding that social media usage is linked to a variety of negative health outcomes, including low self-esteem and disordered eating, for adolescent girls. Heavier usage of social media also leads to less healthy sleep patterns and sleep quality, which can in turn exacerbate both physical and mental health problems. Further, social media usage is more strongly associated with negative mental health outcomes, including depressive symptoms and self-harm behaviors, than is consumption of other forms of media such as television or electronic games. Both California and the country\n\nTitle: https://leginfo.legislature.ca.gov/faces/billTextClient.xhtml?bill_id=202320240SB976\nSummary: This bill, the Protecting Our Kids from Social Media Addiction Act, would make it unlawful for the operator of an addictive internet-based service or application, as defined, to provide an addictive feed to a user, unless the operator does not have actual knowledge that the user is a minor; commencing January 1, 2027, has reasonably determined that the user is not a minor; or has obtained verifiable parental consent to provide an addictive feed to the user who is a minor.\nContent: (commencing with Section 1798.99.28) of Part 4 of Division 3 of the Civil Code). An operator of an addictive internet-based service or application shall publicly disclose, on an annual basis, the number of minor users of its addictive internet-based service or application, and of that total the number for whom the operator has received verifiable parental consent to provide an addictive feed, and the number of minor users as to whom the controls set forth in Section 27002 are or are not enabled. This chapter may only be enforced in a civil action brought in the name of the people of the State of California by the Attorney General. The Attorney General shall adopt regulations to further the purposes of this chapter, including regulations regarding age assurance and parental consent by January 1, 2027. The Attorney General may adopt regulations that provide for exceptions to this chapter, but only if those exceptions further the purpose of protecting minors. In promulgating the regulations described in subdivision (b), the Attorney General shall solicit public comment regarding the impact that any regulation might have based on the nondiscrimination characteristics set forth in Section 51 of the Civil Code or in any other applicable law. If any provision of this chapter, or application thereof, to any person or circumstance is held invalid, that invalidity shall not affect other provisions or applications of this chapter that can be given effect without the invalid provision or application, and to this end the provisions of this chapter are declared to be severable.\n\n    \n\n"
}